Going to the X sure bet section.
These are just small tiny videos that I thought were important to add to this course.
And I think they'll be useful to you.
However I want to give you a bit of a heads up here before we get started in this section.
I want to warn you that these are just going to be my opinions.
It's important to not blindly follow but form your own opinions based on your experience.
It doesn't mean that I'm always right or I'm 100 percent right.
However taking these opinions from others like myself will be useful since this is something I myself
certainly did.
I learned from my teachers from my mentors but I want you to also form your own opinion your own worldview.
I'm going to speak from my experience but you will have a different experience as well.
So with that in mind take these next videos not as fact but simply an opinion of somebody who has been
in the industry for a while.
These are my personal notes of what I think it takes to be someone truly great as a software developer
something I myself am constantly working on.
I hope you enjoy these videos.
I'll see in the next one.
Bye bye.